Introduces a multi-filter for trades/deposits and withdrawals (#3270)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :feature:`2847` Users will now be able to use a combination of filter for trades and deposits/withdrawals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`2847` Users will now be able to use a combination of filters in the search for trades and deposits/withdrawals.
```
